README.md, before:

# Ewww-a-Zombie

My submission to Search for a Star 2021 competition

![](https://github.com/kdclifford/Ewww-a-Zombie/blob/main/GradsInGames-sfas_2021_unity-424d8c29d8c2/Imgs/Round1Image.png)

> Ewww a Zombie Preview
 
 Ewww a zombie placed 17th overall out of a possible 54 places.
 
 # Backstory

This project was part of one of my modules for my masters. It required us to develop a Game in a week. 
We had a choice of using Unreal Engine or Unity. I chose to use Unity because I was more Familiar with the tools and layout of the engine.
Due to being more comfortable with the Unity I decided to pick a topic that would take me out of my comfort zone and improve my skills. I decided to 
start learning about inverse kinematics ("Inverse kinematics is the use of kinematic equations to determine the motion of a robot to reach a desired position.") due to the limited animations you could find online I wanted to be able to have more customize ability so if I had a spontaneous Idea of something to add then the worry of finding suitable animations would not be a problem.

In my eyes this was a win win situation because I could enter the competition with a possibility of winning, but also learn new skills at the same time.
 


Submission page and Download: https://stalwartlist.itch.io/ewww-a-zombie

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsR1_2vfoho&t=19s&ab_channel=Bleh

Commit message:

Game Idea and Gameplay added

README.md, after:

# Ewww-a-Zombie

My submission to Search for a Star 2021 competition

![](https://github.com/kdclifford/Ewww-a-Zombie/blob/main/GradsInGames-sfas_2021_unity-424d8c29d8c2/Imgs/Round1Image.png)

> Ewww a Zombie Preview
 
 Ewww a zombie placed 17th overall out of a possible 54 places.
 
# Backstory

This project was part of one of my modules for my masters. It required us to develop a Game in a week. 
We had a choice of using Unreal Engine or Unity. I chose to use Unity because I was more Familiar with the tools and layout of the engine.
Due to being more comfortable with the Unity I decided to pick a topic that would take me out of my comfort zone and improve my skills. I decided to 
start learning about inverse kinematics ("Inverse kinematics is the use of kinematic equations to determine the motion of a robot to reach a desired position.") due to the limited animations you could find online I wanted to be able to have more customize ability so if I had a spontaneous Idea of something to add then the worry of finding suitable animations would not be a problem.

In my eyes this was a win win situation because I could enter the competition with a possibility of winning, but also learn new skills at the same time.
 
# Game Idea Explanation

I always liked the Resident Evil games they would always introduce an issue or scenario that required the player to go certain areas and collect objects to progress through the game I stole this idea and added a bit of Call of Duty Zombies round based gameplay.

# Gameplay

You live in a world that has suffered a zombie apologise and AI uprise at the same time. After a hundred years Zombies have finally eaten the entire Human race and have decided to take on a new Robot Diet. You play as a robot who is sat at home playing video games when the power suddenly goes off. You must fix the power and defend you self from waves zombies breaking into your home to eat your circuits.

Zombies will get stronger and faster every round. The player can earn points from damaging and killing zombies. Points can be spent at different devices around the house to improve the character abilities.



Submission page and Download: https://stalwartlist.itch.io/ewww-a-zombie

Gameplay: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsR1_2vfoho&t=19s&ab_channel=Bleh
